com/assignment2/user/controller/UserController.java
 com.assignment2.user.controller.UserController
com/assignment2/user/model/Role.java
 com.assignment2.user.model.Role
 com.assignment2.user.model.Role$RoleBuilder
com/assignment2/book/controller/BookController.java
 com.assignment2.book.controller.BookController
com/assignment2/security/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.assignment2.security.WebSecurityConfig
 com.assignment2.security.WebSecurityConfig$1
com/assignment2/report/ReportService.java
 com.assignment2.report.ReportService
com/assignment2/book/model/Book.java
 com.assignment2.book.model.Book
 com.assignment2.book.model.Book$BookBuilder
com/assignment2/security/AuthEntryPointJwt.java
 com.assignment2.security.AuthEntryPointJwt
com/assignment2/security/AuthService.java
 com.assignment2.security.AuthService
com/assignment2/security/dto/JwtResponse.java
 com.assignment2.security.dto.JwtResponse
 com.assignment2.security.dto.JwtResponse$JwtResponseBuilder
com/assignment2/report/CSVReportService.java
 com.assignment2.report.CSVReportService
com/assignment2/user/dto/UserDetailsImpl.java
 com.assignment2.user.dto.UserDetailsImpl
com/assignment2/user/model/ERole.java
 com.assignment2.user.model.ERole
com/assignment2/report/PdfReportService.java
 com.assignment2.report.PdfReportService
com/assignment2/user/model/User.java
 com.assignment2.user.model.User
 com.assignment2.user.model.User$UserBuilder
com/assignment2/security/dto/MessageResponse.java
 com.assignment2.security.dto.MessageResponse
 com.assignment2.security.dto.MessageResponse$MessageResponseBuilder
com/assignment2/user/service/UserDetailsServiceImpl.java
 com.assignment2.user.service.UserDetailsServiceImpl
com/assignment2/report/ReportServiceFactory.java
 com.assignment2.report.ReportServiceFactory
com/assignment2/user/repository/RoleRepository.java
 com.assignment2.user.repository.RoleRepository
com/assignment2/Assignment2Application.java
 com.assignment2.Assignment2Application
com/assignment2/user/service/UserService.java
 com.assignment2.user.service.UserService
com/assignment2/book/service/BookService.java
 com.assignment2.book.service.BookService
com/assignment2/book/model/dto/BookDTO.java
 com.assignment2.book.model.dto.BookDTO
 com.assignment2.book.model.dto.BookDTO$BookDTOBuilder
com/assignment2/report/ReportType.java
 com.assignment2.report.ReportType
com/assignment2/security/AuthTokenFilter.java
 com.assignment2.security.AuthTokenFilter
com/assignment2/UrlMapping.java
 com.assignment2.UrlMapping
com/assignment2/book/repository/BookRepository.java
 com.assignment2.book.repository.BookRepository
com/assignment2/security/dto/SignupRequest.java
 com.assignment2.security.dto.SignupRequest
 com.assignment2.security.dto.SignupRequest$SignupRequestBuilder
com/assignment2/security/dto/LoginRequest.java
 com.assignment2.security.dto.LoginRequest
com/assignment2/Bootstrapper.java
 com.assignment2.Bootstrapper
com/assignment2/user/dto/UserMinimalDTO.java
 com.assignment2.user.dto.UserMinimalDTO
 com.assignment2.user.dto.UserMinimalDTO$UserMinimalDTOBuilder
 com.assignment2.user.dto.UserMinimalDTO$UserMinimalDTOBuilderImpl
com/assignment2/book/mapper/BookMapper.java
 com.assignment2.book.mapper.BookMapper
com/assignment2/user/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.assignment2.user.repository.UserRepository
com/assignment2/user/dto/UserListDTO.java
 com.assignment2.user.dto.UserListDTO
 com.assignment2.user.dto.UserListDTO$UserListDTOBuilder
 com.assignment2.user.dto.UserListDTO$UserListDTOBuilderImpl
com/assignment2/security/JwtUtils.java
 com.assignment2.security.JwtUtils
com/assignment2/user/mapper/UserMapper.java
 com.assignment2.user.mapper.UserMapper
com/assignment2/security/AuthController.java
 com.assignment2.security.AuthController
